Renson integration (#19372)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/renson.markdown

---
title: Renson
description: Instructions on how to integrate Renson Endura Delta sensors into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor

>   - Binary Sensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ha_release: 2021.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2023.7
```

ha_iot_class: Local Poll
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jimmyd-be'

> ha_domain: integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_domain: renson
```

ha_platforms:
  - sensor
---

> The Reason integration pulls in data from the Renson Endura delta application for Android en iOS.

Reviewer: This sounds like the integration interfaces with the app on the phone, but that's not what it does, right?

Author: Changed the text a bit.

> {% include includes/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
```

---
title: Renson
description: Instructions on how to integrate Renson Endura Delta sensors into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
  - Binary Sensor
ha_release: 2021.10
ha_iot_class: Local Poll
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jimmyd-be'
ha_domain: integration
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
  - Binary Sensor

>   - Fan

Reviewer 3: Platforms for the initial PRs (including those in Core itself) should be limited to a single platform.

Author: Removed all platforms except sensor platform.

---
title: Renson
description: Instructions on how to integrate Renson Endura Delta sensors into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
  - Binary Sensor
ha_release: 2021.10
ha_iot_class: Local Poll
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jimmyd-be'
ha_domain: integration
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
  - Binary Sensor
---

> The `integration` platform provides the data from the Renson Endura delta application for Android en iOS. Also the integration provides some services to control the ventilation unit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Reason integration pulls in data from the Renson Endura delta application for Android en iOS. It also provides some services to control the ventilation unit.
```

## Configuration

### Using UI

> The integration can be configured using the UI and this is the required method to configure the integration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{% include includes/config_flow.md %}
```

### Manual

To enable Integration Sensor in your installation, add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  - platform: renson
    host: HOST
```

{% configuration %}
host:
  description: The hostname or IP address of the Renson endura delta.
  required: true
  type: string

> {% endconfiguration %}

Reviewer 3: Adding manual configuration isn't allowed anymore for integrations connecting to a device or service. This part can thus be removed.
